the word which came to Jeremiah from the
the word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord when King Zedekiah sent to him
Lord when King Zedekiah sent to him
Lord when King Zedekiah sent to him Pasha the son of bal kaya and Zephaniah
Pasha the son of bal kaya and Zephaniah
Pasha the son of bal kaya and Zephaniah the son of mayor seer the priest please
the son of mayor seer the priest please
the son of mayor seer the priest please inquire of the Lord for us for
inquire of the Lord for us for
inquire of the Lord for us for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon makes war
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon makes war
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon makes war against us perhaps the Lord will Tegel
against us perhaps the Lord will Tegel
against us perhaps the Lord will Tegel with us according to all his wonderful
with us according to all his wonderful
with us according to all his wonderful works that the King may go away from us
works that the King may go away from us
works that the King may go away from us then jeremiah said to them thus you
then jeremiah said to them thus you
then jeremiah said to them thus you shall say to Zedekiah thus says the Lord
shall say to Zedekiah thus says the Lord
shall say to Zedekiah thus says the Lord God of Israel behold I will turn back
God of Israel behold I will turn back
God of Israel behold I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your
the weapons of war that are in your
the weapons of war that are in your hands with which you fight against the
hands with which you fight against the
hands with which you fight against the king of Babylon and the Chaldeans who
king of Babylon and the Chaldeans who
king of Babylon and the Chaldeans who beseech you outside the walls and I will
beseech you outside the walls and I will
beseech you outside the walls and I will assemble them in the midst of the city I
assemble them in the midst of the city I
assemble them in the midst of the city I myself will fight against you with an
myself will fight against you with an
myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm
outstretched hand and with a strong arm
outstretched hand and with a strong arm even in anger and fury and great wrath I
even in anger and fury and great wrath I
even in anger and fury and great wrath I will strike the inhabitants of the city
will strike the inhabitants of the city
will strike the inhabitants of the city both man and beast they shall die of a
both man and beast they shall die of a
both man and beast they shall die of a great pestilence
great pestilence
great pestilence afterwards says the Lord I will deliver
afterwards says the Lord I will deliver
afterwards says the Lord I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah his servants and
Zedekiah king of Judah his servants and
Zedekiah king of Judah his servants and the people and such as are left in this
the people and such as are left in this
the people and such as are left in this city from the pestilence and the sword
city from the pestilence and the sword
city from the pestilence and the sword and the famine into the hand of
and the famine into the hand of
and the famine into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the hand of their enemies and into the hand
hand of their enemies and into the hand
hand of their enemies and into the hand of those who seek their life and he
of those who seek their life and he
of those who seek their life and he shall strike them with the edge of the
shall strike them with the edge of the
shall strike them with the edge of the sword he shall not spare them or have
sword he shall not spare them or have
sword he shall not spare them or have pity or mercy now you shall say to these
pity or mercy now you shall say to these
pity or mercy now you shall say to these people thus says the Lord behold I set
people thus says the Lord behold I set
people thus says the Lord behold I set before you the way of life and the way
before you the way of life and the way
before you the way of life and the way of death he who remains in the city
of death he who remains in the city
of death he who remains in the city shall die by the sword by famine and by
shall die by the sword by famine and by
shall die by the sword by famine and by pestilence but he who goes out and
pestilence but he who goes out and
pestilence but he who goes out and defects to the Chaldeans who beseech you
defects to the Chaldeans who beseech you
defects to the Chaldeans who beseech you he shall live and his life shall be a
he shall live and his life shall be a
he shall live and his life shall be a surprise to him for I have set my face
surprise to him for I have set my face
surprise to him for I have set my face against this city for adversity and not
against this city for adversity and not
against this city for adversity and not for good says the Lord it shall be given
for good says the Lord it shall be given
for good says the Lord it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon and
into the hand of the king of Babylon and
into the hand of the king of Babylon and he shall burn it with fire and
he shall burn it with fire and
he shall burn it with fire and concerning the house of the King of
concerning the house of the King of
concerning the house of the King of Judah say hear the word of the Lord o
Judah say hear the word of the Lord o
Judah say hear the word of the Lord o house of David thus says the Lord
house of David thus says the Lord
house of David thus says the Lord execute judgment in the morning and
execute judgment in the morning and
execute judgment in the morning and deliver him who was plundered out of the
deliver him who was plundered out of the
deliver him who was plundered out of the hand of the oppressor lest my fury go
hand of the oppressor lest my fury go
hand of the oppressor lest my fury go forth like fire and burn so that no one
forth like fire and burn so that no one
forth like fire and burn so that no one can quench it because of the evil of
can quench it because of the evil of
can quench it because of the evil of your doings behold I am against you O
your doings behold I am against you O
your doings behold I am against you O inhabitant of the valley and rock of the
inhabitant of the valley and rock of the
inhabitant of the valley and rock of the plain says the Lord who say who shall
plain says the Lord who say who shall
plain says the Lord who say who shall come down against us or who shall enter
come down against us or who shall enter
come down against us or who shall enter our dwellings
our dwellings
our dwellings but I will punish you according to the
but I will punish you according to the
but I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings says the Lord I
fruit of your doings says the Lord I
fruit of your doings says the Lord I will Kindle a fire in his forest and it
will Kindle a fire in his forest and it
will Kindle a fire in his forest and it shall devour all things around it
shall devour all things around it
shall devour all things around it [Music]